# # Contact Page for a Preschool Website

This repository contains the code for a contact page for a preschool website. The page includes a contact form, a map, and a footer.

## Prerequisites

To run this code, you will need the following:

* Node.js and npm
* A code editor
* A web browser

## Installation

To install the dependencies for this project, run the following command in your terminal:

```
npm install
```

## Running the Code

To run the code, run the following command in your terminal:

```
npm start
```

This will start a local development server on port 3000. You can then open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the contact page.

## Code Overview

The code for the contact page is located in the `Contact.js` file. This file contains the following components:

* A header with a navigation bar
* A contact form
* A map
* A footer

### Header

The header contains a navigation bar with links to the home page and the contact page. The navigation bar is created using the `Navbar` component from the `common` folder.

### Contact Form

The contact form allows users to send messages to the preschool. The form contains the following fields:

* Name
* Email
* Subject
* Message

The contact form is created using the `Form` component from the `react-bootstrap` library.

### Map

The map shows the location of the preschool. The map is created using the `GoogleMapReact` component from the `google-map-react` library.

### Footer

The footer contains copyright information and links to the preschool's social media pages. The footer is created using the `Footer` component from the `common` folder.

## Conclusion

This code provides a simple and easy-to-use contact page for a preschool website. The page includes a contact form, a map, and a footer.

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)